can I have yours well try and I try pop
there's that Ron Gant we ought to do 21
on this tree which I plug into my little
fish a proper generator and burnt the
filament in the guns here and that gun I
should say that's one gun in there
running under the one gun and there's
already same Sun CITC had a bit of fun
with them don't think you're going to
look on the gun itself in the inside
there try its back let a little
connections guy and they go look there
for wear though some connections go to
these main pins here so others electron
dating see if we can start slowly first
I had a high voltage all of them held it
up if you want to send a darkness Wade
Barrett in the phosphor okay well that
pins on it try this pin mmm don't worry
about it but a bit of trial and error
yeah I'm going to find this one is okay
actually this pin least we can get back
so what's these two pins here okay cool
I if I telepath sugar pop ok let's
bloody gun that's it I'll pop the
electron gun look carefully I don't know
where it actually open circle but I
can't see the old actually bird here
must be in the gun itself I popped it so
I want a shitty mark away from not using
that one either mark or it's too good
right so I get a really really crappy
one I don't care a bit put these in it
when i finish with them this is a red
gun you kill this tape off here can be
very careful or CRT because you got a
high vacuum inside here and it was
obviously the weakest part trace it back
so we've got this pin have another one
going to seeds this one time
these two here I've been other ones that
were to plug into I've got more guns
over there anyway so it away some folks
have a look for heavy short circuit yes
starts Lyla pot I've been standing there
you go is this a fish on Papageno yeah
I'll start a 40 watt power point point
power outlet on it or general power
outlet contest some days with no motors
up there with different frequencies from
this yeah power cord or other TV abusers
an oscilloscope so swept so yeah that's
all you need and if we say it because
this thing here spinning up with a joke
get about seven hundred volts out of it
so that's 30 amp so it's pretty deadly
voltages to get out of this site be very
careful with it can call you so yeah oh
yeah I also got this little reteach okay
with all your civil ease TV chassis may
fire company called on there's a sale or
SI ella SI yellow I like yes
come play broke the TV fulfill k which
is here not yet but I'm not be a
capacitors and every stuffin gkt brewing
capacitors and I Sprague that's a pretty
good brand too it's been ok but I could
obviously see what if some TV would have
failed is this type of said it boy looks
like a mustard up bloody hot with better
choices out there yeah that's set the
boards of broken Lee on that's got
really hot fallen apart it is TV must
have them language area very hot and
everything is just to hate just lick
everything everything's just saw brutal
we are going to find a good writer drop
this fly back and they got this big
multiplier pretty shots x minus I goes
in comes the echoes are there and come
through these little diodes or some sort
of multiplier then go eat a tube and off
the voltage multiplier I'll put your all
and that's obviously that the neck board
which is different to the normal pins
and the back of that this is slides
under to achieve neck so I set up these
and pins so yeah the old time is a
little transform of 0 digg resistor so
yeah let's fly back a big with the draug
because these ones here IEC can do all
sorts of cool things of that but make
plays my bulbs any of it say yeah it's
just bad fried that's survivable that
plugs little not be a capacitor they're
built in Finland to the gwai-lo
adjustments are CIA transistor IX which
other transistors is another one here
another RCA I would take this into an
instrument sold type steel um what whop
died is it time to meet I'm here one of
these old rides and then blue I see a
transistor the past has been replaced
big mysteries for our 75 percent solid
seven watt resistor you get a wattage
the bigger devices to itself that one is
obviously doesn't say UTM blend here
very old TV that's obviously comer to
focus adjustments red green and blue
adjustments which you don't type see you
normally big appeared rather copper with
this one it's all corroded and put a
little hot and birthdate away yeah let's
see what is to bit in last hit on the
heat broke it down real quick so the
only drawback to these times the heat
breaks on there so here next codec is
finding a way you're getting the part
and there so I get this fly back color
and is very interesting so yeah thanks
for watching